Update Sui doc `devnet.md` and  `cli-client.md` (#6042)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/devnet.md

To connect the Sui client to Sui Devnet, run the following command:
```shell
$ sui client
```
The Sui CLI prints the following line when the client starts up for the first time:

```shell
Config file ["/Users/dir/.sui/sui_config/client.yaml"] doesn't exist, do you want to connect to a Sui RPC server [y/n]?
```
Type `y` and then press `Enter`. You should see the following output:

```shell
Sui RPC server Url (Default to Sui Devnet if not specified) :
```
The Sui client prompts you for the RPC server URL. Press Enter to use the default value for Devnet. You can also enter a custom URL to connect to a custom RPC endpoint.

```shell
Select key scheme to generate keypair (0 for ed25519, 1 for secp256k1):
```
Type `0` or `1` to select key scheme.

### Connect to custom RPC endpoint

> **Tip:** If you configured with `sui genesis -f` you already have two RPC endpoints (localnet `http://0.0.0.0:9000` and devnet `https://fullnode.devnet.sui.io:443`), check the list `sui client envs`. You can switch to suitable for you.

> Previously installed a Sui client with a Devnet network, modify your existing  `client.yaml` to change the RPC endpoint to connect to a custom RPC endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you previously installed a Sui client that connected to the Devnet network, you can modify your existing  `client.yaml` to change the RPC endpoint to connect to a custom RPC endpoint:
```
